README.md, before:

# Astro Starter Kit: Basics

```sh
npm create astro@latest -- --template basics
```

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open with CodeSandbox](https://assets.codesandbox.io/github/button-edit-lime.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/github/withastro/astro/tree/latest/examples/basics)
[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/withastro/astro?devcontainer_path=.devcontainer/basics/devcontainer.json)

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

![just-the-basics](https://github.com/withastro/astro/assets/2244813/a0a5533c-a856-4198-8470-2d67b1d7c554)

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   └── astro.svg
│   ├── components
│   │   └── Welcome.astro
│   ├── layouts
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

To learn more about the folder structure of an Astro project, refer to [our guide on project structure](https://docs.astro.build/en/basics/project-structure/).

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

Commit message:

chore: update README to reflect Crisp Digital branding and project details

README.md, after:

# Crisp Digital - Web Development Agency

A modern, high-performance website for Crisp Digital, a web development freelance/agency business. Built with Astro, React, and Tailwind CSS for optimal performance and developer experience.

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **Astro** - Static site generator with optimal performance
- **React** - Interactive UI components
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development

## 🚀 Project Structure

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── components/
│   ├── layouts/
│   └── pages/
```

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 📝 Development Notes

- Components are written in Astro with React islands for interactivity
- Tailwind CSS is used for styling with utility classes
- TypeScript provides type safety throughout the codebase

## 🚀 Deployment

The site is deployed to Cloudflare Pages with Astro's static site generation.

## 📞 Contact

This website represents Crisp Digital's web development services. For business inquiries, please visit the deployed site.
